Command Line Interface Error codes
Table 1. Generic application return codes
RETURN\ERROR CODES	DESCRIPTION	RESOLUTION
0	Command execution was successful.	None
1	A reboot was required from the execution of an operation.	Reboot the system to complete the operation.
2	An unknown application error has occurred.	None
3	The current system manufacturer is not Dell.	Dell Command | Update can only be run on Dell systems.
4	The CLI was not launched with administrative privilege.	Invoke the Dell Command | Update CLI with administrative privileges.
5	A reboot was pending from a previous operation.	Reboot the system to complete the operation.
6	Another instance of the same application (UI or CLI) is already running.	Close any running instance of Dell Command | Update UI or CLI and retry the operation.
7	The application does not support the current system model.	Contact your administrator if the current system model in not supported by the catalog.
8	No update filters have been applied or configured.	Supply at least one update filter.
Table 2. Return codes while evaluating various input validations
RETURN\ERROR CODES	DESCRIPTION	RESOLUTION
100	While evaluating the command line parameters, no parameters were detected.	A command must be specified on the command line.
101	While evaluating the command line parameters, no commands were detected.	Provide a valid command and options. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
102	While evaluating the command line parameters, invalid commands were detected.	Provide a command along with the supported options for that command. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
103	While evaluating the command line parameters, duplicate commands were detected.	Remove any duplicate commands and rerun the command. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
104	While evaluating the command line parameters, the command syntax was incorrect.	Ensure that you follow the command syntax: /<command name>. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
105	While evaluating the command line parameters, the option syntax was incorrect.	Ensure that you follow the option syntax: -<option name>. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
106	While evaluating the command line parameters, invalid options were detected.	Ensure to provide all required or only supported options. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
107	While evaluating the command line parameters, one or more values provided to the specific option was invalid.	Provide an acceptable value. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
108	While evaluating the command line parameters, all mandatory options were not detected.	If a command requires mandatory options to run, provide them. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
109	While evaluating the command line parameters, invalid combination of options were detected.	Remove any mutually exclusive options and rerun the command. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
110	While evaluating the command line parameters, multiple commands were detected.	Except for /help and /version, only one command can be specified in the command line.
111	While evaluating the command line parameters, duplicate options were detected.	Remove any duplicate options and rerun the command. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
112	An invalid catalog was detected.	Ensure that the file path provided exists, has a valid extension type, is a valid SMB, UNC, or URL, does not have invalid characters, does not exceed 255 characters and has required permissions. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
Table 3. Return codes while running the /scan command
RETURN\ERROR CODES	DESCRIPTION	RESOLUTION
500	No updates were found for the system when a scan operation was performed.	The system is up to date or no updates were found for the provided filters. Modify the filters and rerun the commands.
501	An error occurred while determining the available updates for the system, when a scan operation was performed.	Retry the operation.
502	The cancellation was initiated, Hence, the scan operation is canceled.	Retry the operation.
503	An error occurred while downloading a file during the scan operation.	Check your network connection, ensure there is Internet connectivity and Retry the command.
Table 4. Return codes while running the /applyUpdates command
RETURN\ERROR CODES	DESCRIPTION	RESOLUTION
1000	An error occurred when retrieving the result of the apply updates operation.	Retry the operation.
1001	
The cancellation was initiated, Hence, the apply updates operation is canceled.

Retry the operation.
1002	An error occurred while downloading a file during the apply updates operation.	Check your network connection, ensure there is Internet connectivity, and retry the command.
Table 5. Return codes while running the /configure command
RETURN\ERROR CODES	DESCRIPTION	RESOLUTION
1505	An error occurred while exporting the application settings.	Verify that the folder exists or have permissions to write to the folder.
1506	An error occurred while importing the application settings.	Verify that the imported file is valid.
Table 6. Return codes while running the /driverInstall command
RETURN\ERROR CODES	DESCRIPTION	RESOLUTION
2000	An error occurred when retrieving the result of the Advanced Driver Restore operation.	Retry the operation.
2001	The Advanced Driver Restore process failed.	Retry the operation.
2002	Multiple driver CABs were provided for the Advanced Driver Restore operation.	Ensure that you provide only one driver CAB file.
2003	An invalid path for the driver CAB was provided as in input for the driver install command.	Ensure that the file path provided exists, has a valid extension type, is a valid SMB, UNC, or URL, does not have invalid characters, does not exceed 255 characters and has required permissions. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
2004	The cancellation was initiated, Hence, the driver install operation is canceled.	Retry the operation.
2005	An error occurred while downloading a file during the driver install operation.	Check your network connection, ensure there is Internet connectivity, and retry the command.
2006	Indicates that the Advanced Driver Restore feature is disabled.	Enable the feature using /configure -advancedDriverRestore=enable
2007	Indicates that the Advanced Diver Restore feature is not supported.	Disable FIPS mode on the system.
Table 7. Return codes while evaluating the inputs for password encryption
RETURN\ERROR CODES	DESCRIPTION	RESOLUTION
2500	An error occurred while encrypting the password during the generate encrypted password operation.	Retry the operation.
2501	An error occurred while encrypting the password with the encryption key provided.	Provide a valid encryption key and Retry the operation. See Command line interface reference section, for more information.
2502	The encrypted password provided does not match the current encryption method.	The provided encrypted password used an older encryption method. Reencrypt the password.
Table 8. Return codes if there are issues with the Dell Client Management Service
RETURN\ERROR CODES	DESCRIPTION	RESOLUTION
3000	The Dell Client Management Service is not running.	Start the Dell Client Management Service in the Windows services if stopped.
3001	The Dell Client Management Service is not installed.	Download and install the Dell Client Management Service from the Dell support site.
3002	The Dell Client Management Service is disabled.	Enable the Dell Client Management Service from Windows services if disabled.
3003	The Dell Client Management Service is busy.	Wait until the service is available to process new requests.
3004	The Dell Client Management Service has initiated a self-update install of the application.	Wait until the service is available to process new requests.
3005	The Dell Client Management Service is installing pending updates.	Wait until the service is available to process new requests.
